Uh oh. I don't hear you.
Oh, it's probably me.
Oh, my volume is down.
Wait, what? You can hear me?
Yeah.
Okay.
[Music]
But why are you such a jerk, huh?
I'm in a lot of trouble.
I've gotten a lot of trouble this week.
Are you actually in trouble?
Can you actually get in trouble?
Is it possible for Dax to be in trouble?
And with whom?
Uh, is it possible for me to be in, I guess not?
Like real trouble, you know what I mean?
Not like internet trouble.
Oh no, you've been canceled.
You don't care.
But like, oh, I'm just saying people,
someone could always just hire a hitman.
You know, there's there's always that possibility.
Like real trouble, like you're in imminent danger.
That's something you actually have to think about.
I don't think I have to worry about that,
but that's that's something you could consider.
There's a lot of money on the line, Dax.
It's true, there is a lot of money on the line.
Something like 300 million.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Well, I guess two things.
So I got in trouble after our episode last week.
Oh, right.
Where I besmirch the name of a company.
And yeah, I will say, like during that rant last week,
I do feel like, like, I don't know,
I wouldn't put that out there publicly.
Like, just the things you're saying,
I'm kind of surprised.
Like, okay.
So here's, here's, I thought about this a lot.
So anyway, to summarize very quick,
I was very rude and very mean.
And I, and I hit in some, for some very sensitive spots.
Are you apologizing?
No, I'm not apologizing.
Of course I'm not, come on.
It's true.
I did all of that.
And then the, the clip went to CEO,
the CEO emailed Frank and Jay being like, you know, whatever.
The typical, I'm going to talk to your boss situation.
You got fired and fired.
I were looking for a job.
First I might be hiring.
Yeah.
And then I quickly messed up one up too.
That's what happened.
But here's, here's how we perceive it, right?
Let's say Apple does it's like a keynote.
They're, they're, they're not doing it.
They want you to do a keynote.
We're all on Twitter online being like, oh, look at that guy.
He's so stupid.
Like that guy is at door.
Like this feature is so dumb.
You know, it's, it's, it's really, it's literally just that.
And that's all I was doing.
I was just doing that same thing.
But there's this perception that I have some kind of like business
tie to it, which is why like, oh, this person's not going to,
the CEO is going to be talking to emails from right in person being whatever.
But because there's like, you know, I have, I have a company
and I kind of tested it in the same space.
It feels like inappropriate.
And we, so we got that email and we were like, oh, you know,
what would we do if we were on the other side of this?
Like if someone is us, like what would be our reaction?
And we kind of thought about like, what is like the actual conflict here?
And here's the problem.
So as SST, the company, the product,
we actually, especially with V3, you have no opinions.
Like whatever you the user want to deploy, wherever, our role is to help you out.
We're not going to be there being like, hey, you should actually use this or
like that thing sucks because you use that.
It's a very neutral position.
And that's like how the company is positioned.
But me as an individual, real human person, I have my preferences.
I have my opinions.
I think some things are great.
I think some things are stupid.
And I think people have a hard time understanding that these can be
two things that are side by side.
And like they seem conflicting, but it's fine.
I make fun of next JS and think it's the worst thing in the world all the time.
Simultaneously, if you come to us and deploy next JS,
we're going to bend over backwards to help you, right?
So like, yeah, it's in conflict, but it's fine.
So I think that's that creates like confusion around interpreting this.
But I personally see it as the same way that we'd make fun of any company.
Way outside of our space.
Yeah, I guess you do say a lot of like similar things,
things in the same vein about lots of people, companies, whatever's.
And it doesn't really bother me.
I think this one was hard for me because I have a connection to this person.
And I hate conflict.
Like I hate I'm a Midwesterner.
I want everyone to be happy and glossy and everything is fine.
And the connection is literally I use Dracula and have for years.
Like if he didn't invent Dracula as a theme, I wouldn't have cared.
But look, the reality is you're going to have to switch color themes now.
I guess so.
You're going to have to clean the Tokyo night.
That's just Tokyo nights.
Like the default, isn't it?
On like Neil or something?
I didn't know it was a default.
Like I know, I say it's whatever using it 10 years ago before it was a default.
I know, I saw where did I see it?
Was it that guy a Fatty?
Oh, I'm probably butchering his name.
Yeah, I think I don't hear it entirely.
Yeah.
He like just built it all like all the go to a link tons of stuff.
I think he had it like super long ago.
I'm teasing about it being a default, but Dracula is also like super basic.
Super common.
Everybody uses Dracula.
I've seen Dracula for years, for years and years and years.
And at some point, I was like, I think I like read it wrong.
And I was like, oh, it's Dracula.
It's a pun.
Well, so there is a Dracula variant, I think.
I see.
I want to say that is actually a thing too.
I see, I see.
I don't know.
I use Dracula pro now.
Like I'm levels above the normal Dracula users.
Oh, there's a all in.
There's a paid version.
Yeah, it's slightly different colors,
which I'm sure you could just find on the internet and not have to pay for it.
This is crazy.
No wonder recent things so they can make money selling anything.
That's the last one.
Okay, it makes you feel better.
I did message him.
And I was like, the last thing I said to him was,
yeah, how were things like?
Was it approved me wrong?
I mean, the thing is, I didn't.
I don't think I messaged him in a way that he feels good about necessarily,
but I did say, you know, okay, prove me wrong.
Like, that's really all we can do.
Yeah, you have like the opposite personality of me.
Maybe that's why I like talking with you,
because I just dream of being able to do the things you do.
Like I saw the message you send him and I'm like, wow.
What's it feel like to just be like, now what?
What do you want?
I just can't.
I can't imagine being like that.
You know what's crazy, Adam?
That's your perception of it.
My perception of it is, man, I need to get to a place where I can like hold back even less.
Yeah, because you've ever since the DHH episode,
you're like, how can I be more myself?
In reality, if this was like, like the ideal version of this is Jay got that email
and he would reply, WTF, why are you wasting my time with this?
I mean, reply back.
Because, do you know why I thought about this?
I was like, Frank sent us a screenshot of Steve Jobs email.
Am I seeing this?
That Steve Jobs Adobe email.
And it was like way like more clever than what I just said,
but it's just clearly like, it's so to the point and there's zero fakeness.
It's just his exact emotion.
Yeah.
Whereas, you know, the rest of us, we qualify and say things in a certain way
to make the other person afield too upset, even though it's not, it's kind of fake to something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I read the Jobs biography and I'm probably every other tech bro that was like,
yeah, like I just, I really appreciate that.
I think it's more for me.
It's less like, he was a tech tycoon.
I just want to emulate him.
It's more just, I'm from the Midwest.
And it's like you, Steve Jobs, people who are just direct and just say what they think and feel.
I just wish I could be that so badly.
And I feel like I can't scrub the Midwest off of me.
Like just 30 something years living here.
I just, I can't help but be kind of fake, especially with people I don't know very well.
I really wish I could not be.
And I think that's the thing I admired like about Steve Jobs about what I'm seeing
in this interaction for you.
It just like, it feels very refreshing. It's so antithetical to how we interact with people
in the Midwest.
And maybe that's a blank statement.
It's pretty true.
Like I think it's pretty like East Coast, the whole thing you said about what is really kind.
You know, like being direct and actually saying what you think and feel.
That's kinder than pretending to be kind.
Yeah.
And what's crazy is I still feel all of what you're describing.
Like it's still very difficult for me to be in situations and feel like,
okay, I was like treated myself.
So maybe I could push through.
Maybe there's hope.
Yeah.
So even for me, it's really hard.
And I didn't grow up in like an environment that even had any like the Midwestern thing
you're talking about.
So yeah, it's just, it's just hard.
And it's a lot done.
And like we are social animals like we're just so, you know.
And like there's like some value to it, of course.
I don't think Steve Jobs.
Like I wouldn't like literally want to be Steve Jobs in every interaction.
The other thing that I'm understanding now is I feel like there's also different flavors of this.
So the Midwest one, I feel like it's a avoidance.
Like, yeah, it's more of a topic change or like not saying anything.
Yes.
I think there's a California version of this, which to me is the Midwest one.
I can just like, yeah, my best one is just like, to me, it's like quirky and funny.
You know, it's a funny funny thing.
The California one, I find really weird because to me, it's extremely passive aggressive.
But they think it's not transparent.
Like it'll always be like, I mean, even in this email that we got,
there's like all these lines in it that are like so clearly like a jab or like making a point.
But it's like wrapped in this language that's supposed to like neutralize it or whatever.
And to me, it's like extremely passive aggressive and very obvious what they're actually trying to say.
And so it seems like very shady to me.
But I think people that are from California are like, this is us being polite.
Yeah, so I really don't like that one.
That one is tough for me.
Yeah, no, I'm with you.
The receiving end.
I just, I wish, I wish I were born on the east coast and just had that like,
a few attitudes that like coming over later on the next thing.
So what'd you do to herself?
Yeah, I'm catching up now.
There's there's some there's some tweets out there.
Yeah, so yesterday we posted about.
So cloud flares, it's been cloud flares birthday week.
They've been doing a bunch of releases.
One of them was they are now very actively supporting nex.js on workers,
because the workers know JS compatibility story has gotten much, much better.
So they have got, they've are like, okay, we can like say we're at Elizabeth or nex.js
a message just a few weeks ago being like, hey, we have this adapter.
It's working.
We think it can make a lot of sense to like put it under the open next like bucket umbrella.
Which I thought was a good idea.
The whole point of open next was, instead of these fragmented efforts,
let's put it all in one place so that there's some cross pollination.
But you know, in the short term, there is actually no cross pollination.
It's just they have their adapter.
I did some reworking of our docs so they can put like the cloud flares with the docs in there.
And then they publish their adapter.
They get a repo.
Just to clarify for everyone who's not familiar with this world.
Open next does things with a next build output.
But then still next is so complicated to deploy.
You still need an adapter on top of that, on top of the open next piece to work on a given platform?
Yeah.
So I think the way it's actually structured is the thing that we built was actually the AWS
adapter.
So it's now being readable.
Okay.
Rehows as open actually a slash AWS.
And now they have open actually a slash cloud flare.
So there's actually no overlap.
There's no overlap.
There's one process to turn a next JS build directory into the thing that works on a given platform.
I got it.
So it's more of like a branding and then like stewardship.
You're taking over stewardship of this cloud for everything.
I'm sure with their support, but putting it under the open next manner.
So it's like we manage the AWS one.
They manage the cloud for one.
We have another company that's also going to be joining in a few weeks.
Ooh, can I guess or is that like no good?
It's kind of obvious.
But I was going to say there's one thing I can think of.
Then I just want to say it out loud, but I'm not going to.
I'm just going to say that.
So we have another one coming.
So we announced it yesterday.
The response was crazy.
Like my post says like 2000 likes.
Wow.
That's like Lambo video like counts.
It's wow.
Like people were really excited because there is a lot of pent up demand to like
try out Cloudflare and a lot of these actually, everyone's really, really excited.
Unfortunately, someone tagged Guillermo in the replies being like,
what's your position on this?
I, of course, reply with a joke being like, I'm assuming their position is we wish them
the best of luck, but unintelligible jargon, like I just put that in there.
Oh, I didn't see that one.
And then we got an essay from top G.
Okay.
Just saying a bunch of stuff.
And an unintelligible dragon.
Yeah, it was just like really defensive.
That's not that's not common for a defensive top G reply to one of your tweets, right?
Normally ignoring it.
Usually smart enough to ignore.
In it, he implied some things that I was like, I didn't really take too seriously.
I don't know if it was just like in the heat of the moment, he implied like, he says that he's
the phrase was something like, Cloudflare wants to be, it fit in this large argument,
but basically saying Cloudflare wants to be your host effectively.
And they're spending millions of dollars in marketing to do this,
including sponsoring DAX or like partnering with DAX.
And I was like, okay, he probably just means that like
they're spending money on marketing and separately, they're just partnering with us.
And as much a back and forth in there, I like paid my usual jabs.
And I made a, I made up another post layer that was definitely
exceptionally annoying.
Then today I, the thing that I, the only thing that bothers me about his replies was when he
describes this as like a made up problem.
He said that we open next is like a made up thing for engagement.
Like we, we work on this thing to get like, we say that next day,
it's hard to deploy for engagement and likes.
I don't like that because I know the people that work on the project and they like,
they work very hard and they really like next to us.
So that makes me feel bad.
And that's the one thing I have an issue with.
So this morning I posted a screenshot from our open next talk saying,
just showing like, oh, this is the thing that they documented.
You know, it's about this pretty complicated thing that can break when you try to self-host
next to this and how they like work through it and figure it out.
And it's, you know, it's interesting to see that this is the tedious work that they do.
I was like, it's not made up.
It's like, this is like a real thing.
Like these are real problems.
We're not doing this for likes.
These are the two people that work on it.
We actually don't know who they are.
They are GitHub, no profile picture, work super hard on this thing.
Amazing.
That whole situation.
Anyway, then that point.
And again, someone tagged him.
The ammo being like, is this true?
Which is a weird question.
It's just like, what do you mean is this true?
Like, you think we like made up this post and we just wrote this?
And he replies being like, it's not true.
This is probably just a problem of cloud.
I had to think of the cloud player.
He was like, it's a problem of cloud player.
Like comma, DAX is new sponsors.
I saw this.
Yeah.
And I'm just like, okay.
So you are definitely suggesting that cloud players paying me to now say bad things about
you guys.
I mean, I was probably being like, no, they're not sponsoring open next.
This is like, not a thing that's happening.
Yeah.
So there's nothing to do with Lambda.
This issue is like over a year old.
Also, the person that wrote these docs didn't even know about this partnership happening until
like a week ago.
And I was like, are you really the person to be like throwing out sponsorship accusations right now?
Like, I know you just kicked the oats to the curb.
So now you can say you don't have sponsors.
But like, we all remember and guess what?
There's a really great video on YouTube about how frustrating it is when someone says,
oh, but you're sponsored as a criticism made by the person that you were formerly sponsoring.
I don't know.
I honestly think about messaging being like, can we just do a truce?
Like I at the end of the day, the only conflict here is that I don't really think this stuff is
a big deal.
And you think next day, us and front end is like the biggest thing ever.
I honestly just want to like, I have this one more announcement.
I need to do because new company is going to, you know, join up next as well.
I just like never talk about you guys again.
Like I'm happy to do that because it's just like going to a stupid place.
That sounds nice actually.
I think about it on the podcast, like just how much I know, I mean, it's mostly making fun of.
I think we're just kind of both like, we don't like a lot of things that that particular company
stands for, it's just like all the money raised, the front end being this big deal.
There's just a lot about that space that's really annoying to me.
So I just, it's very easy to make fun of.
But yeah, I would love if we talked about it less.
It's just, it is hard.
Like the nature of what you guys work on, it just comes up.
Yeah.
An alternate reaction by Versailles.
This would have been my reaction, right?
If I'm Versailles, I am the best place to deploy an SMS.
There's really no threat of that.
That's how we felt.
I would have saw this and have been like, this is awesome.
The idiots are building adapters for us for free.
We can now say, next day has no vendor lock in.
Look, there's like, yeah, all this support for it.
And we don't have to do any work.
And we can like complete Dodger criticism.
Awesome.
That's a good point.
My reaction.
Yeah.
Like people are still going to buy enlarged shoes for sale.
Like the people they're converting or trying to convert.
Yeah.
And including me, I keep telling people just use, if you're going to use it,
you're going to use just next year.
Maybe next year.
Or so.
I get one of my personal opinions is that.
Well, now I've been perusing your Twitter.
And I just have so many questions.
Because I've not seen these live.
One, first, not a question, an observation.
Liz waking up and being mad at you.
Casey gets mad at me about Dream Adam all the time.
I do stuff in her dreams.
And I'm like, it wasn't me.
You realize I didn't do that, right?
Yeah, but what if you did?
Like, I didn't.
I literally didn't do that.
To be fair, I am no better.
What do you mean?
You have dreams.
Sometimes I have a dream about dreamlays.
And I wake up with the emotions.
And I know they're stupid and though it makes sense.
But I'm like, the reality is, I feel mad at you right now.
And that's like, just because I feel like this thing happened to me.
It's going to take me a couple of minutes for it to dissipate.
Yeah.
It's funny.
She like, it was funny.
I was on my phone, again, dealing with this stupid thing.
And I like to look over and I see her open her eyes.
And she gives me like the nastiest look.
And she goes, I'm mad at you.
And then she rolls over and she goes.
And so I was like, because of her dream, she's like, yeah,
but I'm not ready to talk about it.
And then she goes back to sleep.
And then she wakes up again.
And she's like, okay, I forgive you.
And she wakes up again.
She's like, you did it again.
Stop waking up and go to sleep.
And I was like, I still know what I did.
I've never had a negative dream about Casey.
I'm like a puppy, I guess.
I've never had a dream where Casey did something bad.
I don't know.
I'm just naive.
Everything's good.
Never had a negative dream period or you've never had a negative dream.
Like, I've never had a dream where I was mad at Casey
because it's something she did in my dream.
Like, she's never done anything in my dreams
that was like something I'd be mad about, I guess.
That's funny.
I don't have a lot of dreams.
Do you ever think people are either like puppies or kittens?
Like, people are either cats or dogs.
Like, I'm more of a dog.
I'm kind of like, like, I'm just happy about everything.
Like, play with me.
In case he's more of like a cat, she's a deep thinker.
Like, she can hold grudges.
She can like, yeah, just, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I feel like you're all cats.
It's hard.
It's hard for me to, I get what you're saying,
but in my head, all dogs are boys and all cats are girls.
Oh, interesting.
So I have two cats that are literally girls
and a dog that's a boy.
So it might have just like, every single cat in the world is a girl.
And every single dog in the world is a boy.
So it's hard for me to see past that.
Okay.
That's fair.
Okay, more tweets, because we're going to run out of time.
There's so many, so many questions.
This one's a quick one.
What was your sponsor tweet today again?
P.P. Poopoo, what is this?
Well, after that accusation,
that Cloudflow was sponsoring me soon.
You know, message me.
It's like, I'll give you a dollar if you tweet what I say.
I think that's P.P. Poopoo.
And I was like, all right, sold.
I don't give you a dollar.
That's too funny.
This is the first sponsorship deal that I ever get.
So look at that.
And then this tweet calling yourself out.
I love it.
Okay, that was fun.
I'm glad I asked.
Let's see.
What's going to disrupt the whole industry?
You quote tweeted, Sunil.
Oh, yes.
I'm so excited that we can find talk about this.
You're so touchy containers lately.
What is what happened to you?
This container guy, sorry, continue.
Just opened up the whole new world.
Do you just like have Docker running on your Mac all the time now?
I don't eat some kind of animal.
You do too.
But I use my Mac to connect to my Linux machine,
which does have Docker running all the time.
All the time, huh?
I hear it's better on Linux.
Sorry.
I don't do your own.
There's no VM.
It running all the time means nothing.
It's like not doing anything.
Yeah, on Mac, it means something.
Yeah, I've heard.
I'm not smart enough to know what,
but it means my machine is crippled.
And so I don't run Docker.
Container boy.
So, Cloudflare is, they haven't launched it yet,
but they have had an internal containers platform for a while.
It's getting to a point where it can soon be a publicly available containers platform.
And it's really exciting because the reality is,
the majority of the industry still uses stateful deployments.
I love serverless.
Love all the cool things we can do with it.
But it's an uphill battle.
Like when you, when that's the thing you are showing people,
only one in X number are going to be like, cool.
I want to learn more about that.
Whereas containers, you're just
selling into like an existing habit.
So they have a launching containers platform.
Why this is really exciting for me is,
it's going to be one of those really modern container offerings,
where it's just like, boots up really quickly.
Potentially, it like scales to zero.
Literally, I can split up another one in 300 milliseconds,
like kind of like fly distributed all around the world.
Every single one of their, I think it's like 130 efforts.
So I'm like, over 100 data centers.
So fly, but with CloudFlares network.
Yeah, CloudFlares network.
And CloudFlares, like they are at massive scale,
which means pricing will be decent, reliability will be decent.
I think right now, if you want that kind of offering,
you are looking at like newer companies,
or like middleman companies that are wrapping other clouds.
So I think you're just going to be really disruptive.
And combining clouds plus workers plus durable objects.
So I'm going to say combining containers plus durable objects plus workers.
It's going to be really crazy combo.
It makes it feel like a much more complete platform,
where you can be like, I can run literally anything on here.
Yeah, like I imagine like an elixir distributed cluster,
that's like distributed all around the world forming a single cluster,
which you probably don't want to do.
Because there's other reasons you don't want to do that.
But like again, it's just a tool that we have.
To open up all kinds of new possibilities.
So you've been an investor in CloudFlare for a long time.
Am I too late to invest in CloudFlare?
Did I miss the like, are they still in the early, early?
Like in terms of the stock, sorry.
It's just so hard to tell, right?
Like as yeah, yeah.
So here's what the stock did.
It went way too high, like way, way, way, way too high during the pandemic.
Like probably one of the stocks was affected the most.
It is now like a third of where--
Nice, okay.
But the problem is where it is now could be the correct value.
So I don't know if you necessarily have an edge in investing.
Right, right.
Yeah, but like there's still a lot of growth ahead of this company.
Like this is a company at the beginning stages of really disrupting.
But you call them a hyperscaler.
Like they're already considered, I don't know where they fit.
Like if you take, let's say Google, Azure, and AWS in one little bucket.
Yeah, I don't know if any other companies belong on that bucket or Oracle or something.
I don't know.
But if you take those like big, big ones and then you take the flies
and the render and whatever all those other little companies,
where does CloudFlare sit?
If 10 is the AWS and then like one is the little companies,
where how close is it closer to the big ones or closer to the little ones?
Like it's definitely closer to the big ones.
The thing with AWS is they have so many customers,
so they're running so many workloads beyond their own.
Yeah, CloudFlare's platform is newer, so most of their usage is their own,
like their own usage of it.
Okay.
So like physically, like they have the infrastructure.
Could you explain that?
CloudFlare's, most of CloudFlare usage is CloudFlare.
So they basically decided, okay, we're going to build a platform.
We're not just like a DDoS company, we're going to build a Cloud platform.
Building a platform plays a long time.
Like I think they're on like year eight or nine.
I think I would generally say it takes 10 years, right?
Yeah.
So they're close to like saying, okay, we have a real platform.
And by building a platform, you mean like data centers?
No, not that.
You mean software platform?
Like a user facing offering that you can go and spin up products on.
But their core business already involved data center servers all around the world.
Like they have done a lot of things that AWS hasn't.
But then in terms of like public workloads, AWS has so many.
So no one can really compare to them.
But they're definitely in the category of, well, one, they're a public company.
Like they're just on a different level compared to these other things.
Sure.
In terms of resources.
And they are at like a crazy scale, which is why their offering can be so cheap.
Whereas I would say these other options, like fly is cool.
Because they built their own stuff from day one.
Rather, it just wraps a GCP, railway also had wrapped GCP.
They just announced their offering their first bare metal stuff.
It's in beta now and they announced that two weeks ago.
So again, just like a different category.
I would say cloudware is way more on the way.
Yeah, I should have realized like public company.
That's a tell.
Like obviously they're a large company in that case.
And they need to absorb DDoS traffic, you know.
Yeah.
And that's when you say they're core business.
That's where they started, right?
Just the like the security at the edge kind of thing.
That was their main business.
And then they turned they turned that into this whole cloud platform.
Yeah.
So they for themselves had to build servers all around the world
and make it super programmable so that their engineers can like configure where the traffic
goes and like add custom logic.
And that's where like this whole like serverless cloud
they're offering we see comes out of.
It's that's what I mean by their usage is their own.
Yeah.
And they're better at that stuff than AWS.
Like there's not great options on the AWS side.
I mean, there are options and I guess like the cost at large scale isn't that crazy.
But cloud player, if you're like a startup, like their options are just better.
It's wild how it's such an interesting business because they bet a long time ago
that DDoS is going to continue to be a problem.
And fast forward, it's just like an infinitely growing problem
because as time goes on, there's just more devices that are turned on in the world.
The older they get, the more vulnerabilities they have.
And so there's more and more devices available to like do a DDoS.
Yeah.
So it's just like this infinitely growing problem.
It's a cheaper and cheaper and cheaper to do a DDoS.
So they're just like, you like, it's getting to the point where like you have to put something
like that in front of whatever you have exposed publicly.
That was why they see that.
And they see like 30% of that traffic or something crazy.
Yeah, like who are the people doing DDoS's and like, why?
I don't get it.
Some of them seem so random, like if I have a public endpoint up,
that's not affiliated with anything big.
And it starts getting DDoS.
It's like, why?
Who and why?
I was working on something the other day on my server.
And it involved exposing a port externally.
And very quickly, just bunch of requests, just testing for random PHP vulnerabilities,
right?
We have dev and staging environments that are not like publicly crawlable or like
discoverable in any way.
And it's amazing if you just look at logs, just for any internet property,
anything publicly facing, just the amount of noise on the internet,
the amount of requests from like random, I guess there's like WordPress exploits
and all these weird things that all these bots are just peppering the internet with.
It reminds me of like, it makes me think of like all the radiation just flying around in space.
It just feels like this crazy amount of noise that if you tap in,
you just say like, I'm available on the internet.
Boom, you just start getting peppered with all that stuff.
It's crazy.
It's really why it like comes from China, like almost all of it is like it's coming from China.
And it's, I mean, I was talking, I don't want to, I don't think I can say who,
but someone was telling me about how their company had a two terabyte per second DDoS
back in like 2019 or 2020. Oh my word. That's insane.
It was from the Chinese government. And it's just normal. The Chinese government literally just
blasts companies and products that you know and use with two terabytes a second of traffic.
That's crazy. And it's like, are they just having fun? Because like that one is just like,
maybe they're testing capabilities for like disrupting stuff.
Oh, yeah, it's like doing a missile launch. Like, yeah, exactly.
There's like a test launch. Okay, we can do that. Now we know if we need to take down a government,
like, yeah, two terabytes second. No problem. We got it.
In that case, Akamai, I think was the, the protect the DDoS protection person and they handled it.
Yeah. I mean, if I just start thinking about some of this stuff very long,
it just kind of blows my mind. Like what we have accomplished as humans,
you just start thinking about all the underwater cables, what the internet physically is,
and then like all the software layers upon layers upon layers that have gotten at this point and
all the possibilities. Like we start talking about these weird, obscure things people do
that I would never do. It's just like, there's whole worlds that exist digitally and physically
that I just don't know anything about. And I'm a technologist. Like, I feel like I'm more plugged
in than the average person by a lot. And it's just kind of boggles the mind as humans. We're
pretty clever. Yeah, I had this experience recently because I don't know if you probably didn't see,
but I have been exploring video game streaming, not like streaming video games I play, but like
Stadia, like the Google thing. Yeah. And video equivalent picks like pixel. What is that called
pixel streaming? I think it's what it's called. Yeah. Yeah. So again, the idea is, so NVIDIA
obviously has their own GPUs. This is actually super cool because like, obviously, they make
cheap. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, it's cool because they can build this service where like, it's
writing the GPU in the cloud and like sending you the video, they can do it for so cheap because
the GPUs are at cost for them. Yeah. But I was like, I tried out in the past and I was like, okay,
but I saw a post being like, what the hell this stuff is really good now. And I went and tried it.
It is incredible. It literally feels like really, I have a good GPU locally. So I can compare it,
plug in like, oh, turn on my TV, plug in like just the cheapest device, right? That like just
names video, connect my controller for, yeah, it just looks amazing. The GPU is better than the
one I have here. And it's like, basically no latency, very little just like, occasionally,
you'll get some stutter. And I was like, this is wild that I remember using this before. And now
we can literally stream like the craziest 4k detail thing here. It's probably related to like,
I'm sure Netflix, just like that whole era of like making that all work. I'm sure like, yeah,
that just working further technology. Yeah, and the video compression and all that.
So then I was like, okay, there's some games that you know, there aren't in that library that I
want to play. Let me try the open source version of this. So I installed something on my computer.
And again, it works flawlessly. Like I can be in any room on my Mac book, just like pop it open.
And Liz is like, so next we're reading a book, I can just play a game and I'm streaming from my
computer. And it's all over Wi-Fi. My hot is not wired. I mean, my desktop is wired. Yeah,
my laptop is not wired. My my TV device is not wired. It's just all over this mesh,
yeah, your real thing that I have. And it works perfectly. So when you say you're looking at,
is it go beyond just like, you're just playing games over it? Like, you're looking into it from
like an infrastructure sample? Or what were you saying at the beginning? Or you're just just
just just personally? Yeah, because I'm like, I've always been someone, because I like gaming,
I do less and less of it every year, but I still like it. But I've always had this custom built PC,
and I run Linux. Yeah, and I'm like, this is such a hassle to like, keep this GPU upgrade.
It's expensive. It's annoying. Because like, yeah, GPUs upgrade within other parts of your
computer to upgrade. So it's whole thing. And I'm just past the point of my life where I'm doing
it enough where that's worth it. But I love quality. So I don't want to give the quality,
but now you don't have to. I'm realizing I'm confused about how this works. It's not in the
browser. There's like an app you run. It can be in a browser generic shell. Oh, it can be in the
browser. Yeah. But how do you how do you use it? You run some kind of client app, and then it's
just so you can play through it. Oh, no. Yeah. So I don't know, electronic, that's bad. I'm saying
it's just a browser. It's on the day it's all browser tech. Oh, okay. I think the reason I use
the app is because I think they limit Chrome to 1080p. There's some like thing that's a little
bit they can't actually control a bit rate or something. So there's like a platform that you're
using for this, I guess. It's an NVIDIA thing. So the one I tried is NVIDIA GeForce. Now,
I think it's JD GeForce now. It's 20 bucks a month for the highest tier. It gets you like the nicest
GPU. 20 bucks a month is like, that's like, that's like nothing. I mean, that like, how many months
before you'd buy that GPU at $20 a month for years? And there'll be crazier GPUs, but in crazier
games, I'm sure like if you're someone that like buys at the right time, sells it at the right time,
upgrades at the right time, you're going to beat this, of course. Of course. And there's like,
if you don't have good internet or your internet spotty, like you're not going to be able to play,
but all those trade offs, whatever, it's it's such a good deal. That's crazy. Yeah, that's the
case where like, I'm not the subscription is good. You still have to buy those lots of things.
Oh, okay. So like a one time fee for the game or? Yeah, but the thing is, so there's
so the GeForce now just a platform to do this, but then there's other game subscription services,
like like Microsoft has like a monthly $10 a month or whatever, and you get like a whole catalog.
So I was like, what? And the other cool thing is no downloads. I was like, let me just sign
with Microsoft thing. And I just tried out like 20 different games in like one game one day.
That's crazy. That's like something you can't do, right? Yeah. So this is the big like change.
I remember as a kid playing like Super Nintendo and my parents being like, this is crazy. How did
they come up with this? Yeah. And like, it was just so beyond anything they could imagine.
This is the kind of form of gaming that's coming along that's going to blow us away. Like the
things our kids could do that we couldn't do. We had to buy cartridges and we had to download games
and we had to whatever by CD ROMs. And now they could just stream from the cloud.
They don't have to download it. They don't have to download a machine,
which already felt kind of crazy that you can you have to go to the story and just like
download a game. That's crazy. I don't have to download it. It's it's wild.
Have you seen the Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024? No. Okay. So this is a flight simulator 2020
was already pretty incredible because it had the whole earth. You can literally get in a plane
the whole earth to the whole earth. And it was a bunch of AI involved. Like they just took a lot
of data, they automatically generated stuff, hand tweaked like, you know, more more popular places,
but and it's all one to one. So if I like took a plane from my local airport and flew it to New
York, it would take three hours in the game for me to do. Really? And then 2024 is like even
crazier. Like the detail is up and they do such cool stuff. Like you're gonna love this. Okay. So
they take in in just real time ship data on all the ships in the world. You mean planes? Are they
called ships? No, no, not ships in the ocean. What? And then they just put them in the game at the
exact position they're in. So if you're flying over the ocean, you look down, it's the exact same
thing you see. And they're also adjusting in real time, like the real ships are being tracked
anyway. And they have all that data and they put the real ships in the ocean at the real spot.
That's insane. And I think they're working on like kind of ship. Yep. I think they're kind of
ships. And they're working on like carriers, so you can land on like aircraft carriers and stuff.
So my word. That's not it. Then they're also ingesting wildlife data of where animals are.
And you can literally land a plane anywhere by population.
Like this is getting too far. What are they building over there?
It's over 3043 is right here. Yeah. But it's an Earth simulation, right? So but it's like generally
where they are. So if you can like land in the Savannah and you can walk, you can get out of the
plane and walk around and you'll see like giraffes and stuff and stuff. You can get out of the plane
on flight simulator? Yeah. That's what's so this. They're like taking it really far where it's like
yeah, it's a flight sim, but it's like becoming an Earth sim. This is wild. I feel like governments
are going to use this like simulate diseases and I don't know something. I mean, and they have a
project called Earth 2 and they're doing like a digital Earth. Huh. They should really collaborate
like open next. Maybe this should be in the open next banner. I don't know. Well, it got posts on
Hacker News and people were like, oh man, it would be cool if they just released this so we can all
just build other cool stuff on it. And I've always been feeling like some games make really,
really cool environments, but it's just used for a single game. I would love to like take this
world and like use it for a different game. Anyway, it's an end to the head is a career mode where
you can play as like a medical rescue helicopter or like a fire, like firefighting helicopter,
all this stuff. Yeah. And I'm like, this is really cool. And it can be rendered in the cloud and
stream to you. Oh, and played. Oh, okay. So that franchise has always been well regarded, right?
It's like very crazy accurate. Like, who is behind that? Like, was it just some former pilots that
got hired by Microsoft and have this passion for this? Like, it feels like so much it's the kind
of thing where it feels like there's so much energy and something invested into something.
There has to be reasons that they care so much about making this so good. Or is it just that
people like it and they buy it? It's so technical too, right? It's just a good technical to build
like a simulator. It's a very technical engineering oriented thing. Yeah, like all the different
aircraft cockpits and stuff. Like, I've seen the screenshots. It's like, they've really like,
they've got all the planes and all the details about the plane. It's just crazy.
Yeah. And so you have to like know how to build that simulation and you have to understand like
the physics of air and like, yeah, when's affected so you can implement it. Oh, sure.
It's like really, really talented, incredible people that work on it. Like, let's use this
to like learn things. I mean, I feel like, do they, I guess, like, it feels like so much effort put
into something for just like nerds to play on the weekend? No, I think it's using like
light training stuff. Yeah. You know, my brother's a pilot. Have I talked about that?
Yeah. That's so crazy. Like, to me, that's so, that's so outside the range of a normal life.
Yeah, just fly around every day. Yeah. Like, he's constantly in Atlanta. He's based out of Atlanta,
but he lives here near me. Like, they just commute. They just hop on a plane in the morning and
their whole job is a commute. There's no, like, yeah, that's right. They have like,
they can just like get on a plane to go to the place where they're actually supposed to fly from.
It's like, yeah, it's an hour and a half flight to Atlanta from here. So he just says like an
hour and a half commute, but not a normal commute. We're talking like eight hour drive commute.
I guess there's people that like commute to San Francisco from LA, like rich people that have
jobs in Silicon Valley. It's like in our head, it's a one and a half hour commute. A lot of people
have a one and a half hour commute. And it's technically the same thing. And he probably perceives
it in the same way. But for us, we're like, you are literally going to like another place. Like,
how is this happening? Yeah. And like twice a week, it's like, it's crazy. Pilots like truck
drivers, but classier much classier. Sorry, brother, you're going to, you're going to get an email from
the truck driving CEO of this one. I want to say something here that reminded me to our listeners.
It's because sometimes I forget we have listeners and we're not just hanging out. I get a lot of
emails or messages after every episode. Like, it's funny. This last one, the number of people
that reached out being like, Oh, yeah, yeah, React Native sucks for that. Here's the thing
you should use. And I'm already forgetting. I think it was capacitor was the consensus.
It's just crazy. It's kind of fun to have a podcast where you can like just publicly complain
about something. And then everyone's like, here's answers. Here you go. Solutions. Thank you to
all of you listeners that offer up information. I don't always reply. Not like I'm snooty. It's
just like, uh, you can ask that. I don't always reply to stuff I should reply to work related,
terminal things. Uh, just sometimes I get busy and I just ignore DMS. That's the first thing to
go for me. DMS. It's the first thing I just kind of like wholesale or just communications in general.
Like when I'm busy, I got like programming stuff in my brain. I just, I stopped communicating. Sorry.
You know what the is an example of this, like being able to get help and say,
it's still weird, super power to have. Uh, I had, I don't know if you saw this, but I had like
this few months ago, I had these like flies in my sink, like they kept, kept like killing them,
but they just kept coming out of like our sink out of your sink, like out of the drain. Yeah,
out of the drain. And it's a very like common thing, apparently, but I never had that before.
Really? And I was like, what? They're really tiny. They're super, super small. And I was like,
what the hell? Like, what are we doing? We're looking up online, like pour water, hot water down,
do this and that. We tried it all. It just, they just kept coming back. And then I posted about it
and someone was like, Oh yeah, before I was in, before I was a software engineer, I was like,
a food safety, like his job was to like design how kitchens like stayed clean. Basically,
and he was like, here's a link to this thing. And it was like some weird phone
that he'd like me to. And then I just took, I got it, I ordered it and I sprayed it down the
down the sink. And I was like, I don't think I did this right because like some part of it was
messed up. Next day, completely gone. And I don't think I would ever solve this problem. I think
it would have moved out of my house. I think that's what would have happened. Otherwise,
I'm just going to nearly fix it. And I don't think I would have found it otherwise.
That they were, I know you didn't like intend probably to delve into the details of this,
but I'm going to because I just have, I'm curious about curiosities that they were coming up from
like from the plumbing out of the drain called drain flies. Yeah, yeah. So they're like,
next question is, isn't there like a bend in the pipes that like keeps water at all time? Like,
how did the flies get through the little bend? The bend is what makes it possible, I think. Oh,
because the bend allows for it's a good name of, there's a good name of that piece of the pipe,
I've read what it is, but I think it leaves like a pocket of air or something. So when you run
water through, there's like technically an area that uh, let's say is second. Yeah. So I think you'll
like get, you'll get a bunch of them, but eventually they'll like, they'll be this area that just not
being hit with water. Okay. Interesting. Yeah, but and this here's the craziest part. I was looking
as up online and I was like, and people were saying that yeah, oftentimes if you like make it a problem
for them, they'll move to another drain in your house, like through the pipes. People were like,
yeah, we got with them here, but then they popped up over there. Yeah. Huh. Like whack up. You're
right that there is this bend and I don't really understand where I thought that kept like water
in between. I mean, we have a garbage disposal. It's possible they're like somewhere they were
somewhere in the garbage disposal. This is hard to hard to tell. But yeah, drain flies to think
drain flies. Just learn something new today. Yeah. How are the mosquitoes doing since mosquito
Joe did his thing there? If I want to come to Miami soon better, they're a lot better. It's just
not a hundred percent effective. It's way better than it used to be. And if the good news is if I'm
like in the morning, if I spend five minutes killing them with the we got a new electric racket and
this one's way better. Oh, it's so good. Yeah. It's got multiple. The one that you use had a
single layer of electricity that's like three layers of electricity. So you can go through that.
Can't miss. You can't miss. And since we realized pop, which, you know, you experienced, I love
the morning, if I spend five minutes just getting there's like these usual locations where they are,
like spend five minutes getting them. It's like pretty good for the day. They're gone. Yeah.
Oh, much better. I did not experience that. We did not ever have a day where it was like,
we're good. You've got to work on the next time. Like we're so super for not thinking of that.
I was so stupid for not thinking that such all of us. I don't even think about that.
Yeah. Next time. When is next time? I guess they're talking about and react to Miami already.
Yeah. Like that's is they selling tickets already? Is it that soon? Or do they do it that early?
Yes, there's some tickets and they're selling a lot way more than they did.
Pretty nice. Did you just get distracted? I feel like I got distracted and you got distracted a little
bit. Yeah. Maybe it's the same thing. What did you get to check? No, I was looking at the clock.
Oh, just about the clock. That board, huh?
No, I have to go in something for me. That might not even know. Oh, yeah. Well, we can get up here.
Next week, special guest. So exciting. We'll keep that as a teaser.
Yeah. We're gonna have someone on next week. This episode is always brought to you by
Terminal Coffee. You can buy your coffee from the terminal. SSH, terminal.shop. Let's take a break.
Oh, it's not just sponsored by Terminal, according to Versailles. It's also sponsored by Cloudflare.
Oh, yeah. We might as well give them credit since people think that they're sponsoring.
Yeah. They're not. Believe it. There's no money flowing from Cloudflare to any of us.
Well, I think I don't actually know. Probably not. There is not. Okay. Well, enjoy your meeting.
Okay. This meeting can end a little early so you can get on your meeting.
Other meeting. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. See you.